[java] Part of #4841: Deprecate unnecessary public methods in FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule/CyclomaticComplexityRule/SwitchDensityRule (#6671)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/release_notes.md

### 🚨️ API Changes

#### Deprecations
* java

>   * <a href="https://docs.pmd-code.org/apidocs/pmd-java/7.24.0/net/sourceforge/pmd/lang/java/rule/codestyle/FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule.html#visit(net.sourceforge.pmd.lang.java.ast.ASTTypeDeclaration,java.lang.Object)"><code>FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule.visit(JavaNode, Object)</code></a> is an implementation detail of <a href="https://docs.pmd-code.org/apidocs/pmd-java/7.24.0/net/sourceforge/pmd/lang/java/rule/codestyle/FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule.html"><code>FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule</code></a>. It will be removed in a later release.

Reviewer: We have a special macro for referencing javadoc - see https://github.com/pmd/pmd/blob/main/docs/_plugins/javadoc_tag.rb and https://docs.pmd-code.org/latest/pmd_devdocs_writing_documentation.html#custom-liquid-tags

So, this probably should be:

```suggestion
  * {% javadoc !!java::lang.java.rule.codestyle.FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule#visit(java::lang.java.ast.ASTTypeDeclaration,java.lang.Object) %} is an implementation detail of {% javadoc java::lang.java.rule.codestyle.FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClassRule %}. It will be removed in a later release.
```
and so on... The macros will be replaced by the code you've written when the markdown pages are rendered.
It's better to run jekyll locally to verify the output (the macro has some default behavior that doesn't always fit and which can be customized with bangs !!).

Author: ~I tried running jekyll locally, but this is what I get...~

It's jdoc, not javadoc. Reading the docs does help!

* [#6654](https://github.com/pmd/pmd/pull/6654): \[swift] Fix invalid swift token OSXApplicationExtension - [Andreas Dangel](https://github.com/adangel) (@adangel)
* [#6658](https://github.com/pmd/pmd/pull/6658): \[doc] Fix capitalization of ANTLR in release notes - [Zbynek Konecny](https://github.com/zbynek) (@zbynek)
* [#6661](https://github.com/pmd/pmd/pull/6661): \[java] Fix #6652: Support new-style instanceof (with pattern matching) in AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause - [UncleOwen](https://github.com/UncleOwen) (@UncleOwen)

> * [#6671](https://github.com/pmd/pmd/pull/6671): \[java] Work on #4814: Deprecate 3 methods - [UncleOwen](https://github.com/UncleOwen) (@UncleOwen)

Reviewer: The title of this PR is a bit missing information... maybe:

`Part of #4841: Deprecate unnecessary public methods in some rules`

A bit better maybe, but still very unspecific (which rules?)

Author: How about this? It's long, but it's explicit.

Reviewer: :+1:
